You're the mole. Alexander.
Someone's been watching
and listening through you.
I would never knowingly
betray my own country!
I need to know what
hale's gonna do next.
Predict him. Study him.
Figure out what's driving him.
How's the game?
It carries on without you.
Alexander. what're you doing up here?
New assignment.
Claymore.
We need to infiltrate his life.
Who am I?
You're Michelle.
- I'm Alexander.
- Natalie.
I wasn't really supposed to
give you my real name. so.
It's between us.
We know nothing about who did this.
But we know one thing that they don't.
We found the hack.
That's how we're gonna catch them.
They have to check his feed somehow.
see that we haven't found the hack.
If it appears to be clean.
well. they resume operation. and. if not.
they kill him.
How's the head. Clarissa?
We know you're CIA.
You're gonna tell me
everything you know
about the person who hired you.
A man with a cane
threatened to expose her
if she didn't work for him.
This young man is the nephew
I've told you so much about.
Come. join us for a drink.
Get up!
I don't know who you
are. but you're trespassing!
I was admiring the flowers.
Did you plant them?
My husband will be here any minute!
Can I wait inside with
you until he comes?
If you don't mind company.
- Careful with that.
- It's not loaded.
Biscuit with your tea. Kate?
I wouldn't turn down a biscuit.
There you are.
Where've you been?
Why is that thing there?
That's nothing to worry about.
Not in the house. I
don't like it in the house.
It's okay.
No. I don't want it in the house.
- Kate.
- I don't want it in the house.
- Kate!
- No.
Okay.
Me. there. Operations. there.
And that one?
In case director moira joins.
- You think he might?
- I think he might.
Can I have the room. please?
You found something
on hale. didn't you?
Osiris is on the move.
Okay. notify shadow boxer.
We've updated the book.
- Hey.
- Well. hello.
- Ready?
- Yeah.
My turn. Dream vacation.
No thinking.
Everest. Solo.
No supplemental oxygen. You?
Greek isles.
- Read lots of books...
- Play in the sand.
They're cute together.
Die and be reborn.
- Shut up.
- Wow.
- Your question.
- Okay...
where do you go to feel centered?
No thinking.
Cemeteries.
- Cemeteries.
- That's not bad.
You wanna... Talk about that?
No.
I'll just...
Fix this... A little bit.
There.
Come on.
They're heading underground.
Going dark. Shadowboxer has him.
They're very clumsy animals.
They are. That's why
I think they're not real.
There's a lot of weight to them.
- They are.
- But I think they're real animals.
This train is being held
due to a technical malfunction.
Service will resume shortly.
Clear.
You good?
Yeah. You?
Yeah.
So. you're stickin' around for a minute.
They want me to continue
to play the girlfriend.
Be too suspicious if I
disappeared quickly.
Or you're just keeping an eye on me.
And worst-case scenario.
if I start to get out of line.
you take me out.
Booh...
This train is resuming normal operations.
That was fast thank
you for your Patience.
Lucky us.
Three current operations.
Slovakia.
You're trying to rule out the Chinese.
I'd like to discover
what allegiances our enemy holds.
Are you certain about this?
Would that matter?
Good morning.
Hale.
Haven't seen you here before. sir.
I can't always run this place
from my cage. now can I?
Hello. sir.
Edmund Cobb. Poseidon intelligence.
It is an honor.
Eliza amin. Poseidon operations.
This is hale. Claymore operations.
Yes. we've worked together before.
Good. You'll be doing it again.
I'm giving claymore
oversight on Poseidon.
Effective immediately.
And your reasoning for that. sir?
There's some overlap with
claymore's source. mosaic.
Just a precaution to make
sure we don't put anything at risk.
Secure briefing in thirty. hale?
Sir.
You're asking me to see real intel.
Classified intel. Why?
Because we want our
enemy to see it. too.
You're sacrificing Poseidon.
If our operation in the
bookstore succeeded.
then we have convinced whoever did this
that we didn't find the
hack. That was defense.
Now we start the hunt.
But if we stop giving them
valuable intel. they'll notice.
We need to sacrifice something real.
Because. ultimately.
this is a blue dye test.
We leak intel. we follow
that intel where it goes.
it leads us to whoever did this to you.
How many people will die as a result?
There are a range of
outcomes we're willing to accept.
- Meaning. you don't know.
- People have already died.
How many more people will die
if we don't figure out who hacked you?
There could be others like
you. Walking security breaches.
Who are they gonna get
killed if we don't stop this?
Are you sure this is gonna work?
Absolutely.
Absolutely sure?
- Sixty-forty.
- This'll be hard for him.
- He's killed plenty of people.
- Not on his own side.
This is betraying the kind of people
he used to serve with.
And if he resists going through with it.
the people seeing through his eyes
are gonna see that. too.
So. figure out a way
to make sure he goes through with it.
Please.
This is Hugo klovach.
A Slovakian politician
in the opposition party
who has been highly critical
of the current autocratic regime.
Recently. his financier. Ilana lexmann.
signaled to the white house
his intentions of entering
the upcoming Slovakian
presidential election.
Hugo klovach is sympathetic
to us interests in the region.
So. it's important to us for him to win.
Through a source at Langley.
we've learning about a CIA operation
to bring klovach back into
Slovakia for the election.
The current CIA plan is to infill him
into a safe house three days from now.
Poseidon's goal is to
monitor the CIA mission.
And provide support if it appears
that the operation is
compromised in any way.
We'll be tracking all
movement and communication.
and amin has already placed
a back-up orphanage
strike team in-country
in case we need to step in.
The CIA doesn't know we're watching.
We've embedded one of our operatives
in the CIA strike team.
He'll be our eyes on the ground
for klovach's arrival into the country.
The arrival is the key.
If the existing regime
is gonna make a move.
that's when they'll do it.
We'll be getting
operational details tomorrow.
Location. time. etcetera.
And then...
then you'll know
everything. Thank you. sir.
All right. thank you.
He missed his turn.
He's not going home.
How do you know that?
He's just walking.
He didn't realize he was agreeing
to help set up an ambush.
He's processing that.
How long will that take. you think?
This is a problem. Parker.
I'm not sure why you're here.
My staff says they gave you my answer.
Yes. ma'am. My request for
an internal review was denied.
About three minutes after I filed it.
Fast work.
Alexander hale's already cleared
- an internal review.
- And that was a mistake.
Poseidon is an important operation
for our country and our European allies.
Alexander hale presents an elevated risk.
I'd like you to read this and see why.
He was tied to the three
assets we lost in North Korea.
And then he just happened
to point us in the direction
of the evidence that exonerated himself.
Evidence that I cannot
independently verify.
I've obtained his state department file.
Three years ago. he failed
a loyalty test in Belarus
where he defied a direct order
to prioritize American lives.
How did you get his personnel file?
Ma'am. you know I can't tell you that.
Cobb. one of these days
you're gonna let me give you a job.
Actually. I'm just hoping
you'll start doing yours.
Which part of that speech
were you under the impression
we didn't already know?
When we made our decision about him.
we had more information
than you will ever have.
He's cleared.
And let me save us both
some time in the future.
Anyone in claymore is
off-limits to internal review.
On whose authority?
The fact that you're
still asking me questions
and not nodding mutely
tells me you don't understand
how much you are pissing me off.
Drop it.
And prove against all odds
that you do actually understand
the importance of the chain of command.
Remember when you asked me before
if I was the only one with concerns
about certain personnel?
I think I'm the only one.
What do I do next. Henry?
Nothing.
Better not to draw too
much attention at this point.
Are you saying I should just let it go?
I'm not your boss.
Edmund. I'm your uncle.
I can't tell you to do anything.
But I advise you to file it away for now.
If you're right. everything
will become clear eventually.
and if you're not. you
haven't risked your reputation.
I can always help you to
take it across the street.
You're saying going
outside the orphanage?
Not now. but when the time is right.
What if something bad happens?
While I'm waiting?
Most of this life we've chosen
is about figuring out
what you can live with.
And then finding a way
to live with that.
Don't be surprised
if he's closed off and hard to read.
He was a sniper. Parker.
He's always hard to read.
Yes? No?
But he knows that you're orphanage.
and we know that he has doubts
about what we're asking him to do.
So. he's gonna hide that from you.
- It's trying too hard.
- Yeah.
You got to be a safe place for him.
He has to trust you.
Because you don't trust him yet.
Because he's still an unknown.
And we have to be able to manage him.
Yeah. That one.
By the way. good job
with that cemetery answer.
It was nice.
- Felt like Michelle.
- I'll update the book.
How are you dealing with it?
With what?
You've never killed anyone before.
I'm not responsible for
what's about to happen.
Good. That's what you
have to keep telling yourself.
We're monitoring phones. chat groups.
and military communiques in Slovakia.
If our enemy leaks
to the current Slovakian administration
the travel details of
klovach's secret return.
we'll know about it.
And we'll have a damn
good idea where it came from.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
that's actually not why I'm here. dear.
We've been tracking the signal
from Alexander for weeks now.
The pattern's never the same.
Alternating between satellites.
But you see this... Right there?
The signal splits.
One is hazier. more heavily encrypted.
And one is cleaner.
And what do you think that means?
Well. it... it... it could be a signal bleed
or it's going to two different places.
Is that something we knew
this technology could do?
No.
But then again. none
of the previous trials
had a signal this strong or consistent.
So. inside Alexander
is a new version of the Cassandra tech.
Modified somehow.
- Wonderful.
- I... I'm working on it.
In my hovel. Far. far away.
Better news. please?
His friends. family. old military buddies.
they're all clean. They didn't hack him.
Victor simonek?
Fifty-year career in intelligence.
Patriot. Invested his money wisely.
No vices.
Is he capable of this?
Anyone is capable of anything.
What he's missing is a motive.
He genuinely cares for Alexander.
- And the ex-fiancee...
- Doctor Rachel kasperian?
We've been following
her around the clock.
Remy's handling surveillance.
Monitoring her phones.
routers. She's clean so far.
The ex-fiancee might not've
known what was in the pills.
but I'm not ready to clear her yet.
Why?
Call it a feeling.
And we're out of eggs.
It's your turn to get groceries.
It most certainly is not.
Removing Cobb would've
seemed suspicious.
but I handled it.
He shouldn't be a problem anymore.
Now Alexander just
has to go through with it.
Doctor kasperian?
Sorry. are you new? Where's John?
He's sick.
I usually work the first floor.
It's a little nicer up here.
- Nice office.
- Thank you.
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
Alexander! Over here!
Let him through. please!
That's my son! He's a veteran.
Hey. mom. Hi.
You've lost weight.
Look at you. you're all skin and bones!
- Mom. I'm fine.
- Why aren't you feeding him?
Because I can't cook like you can.
- Hey.
- Hey. man.
- Thanks for being here.
- Yeah. yeah.
Where's dad?
- Preston!
- There.
Preston! Preston!
- Hey!
- Hey. go join him.
He would love that.
Nah. not today.
I'm gonna go get some
water. Do you want anything?
Well. your father wants
a fried snickers and a funnel cake.
It's not a state fair. mom.
Tell him that.
Here you go. That'll be three minutes
- on that funnel cake.
- Thanks.
- You're like a real soldier now!
- I am! I am!
Why aren't ya out there?
Me? No.
I've done enough marching for a lifetime.
- I'm Roger.
- Alexander. Hey.
- Army?
- Yeah. you?
Not me. My son.
He was marines. Fifth battalion.
Kevin Mathison? I don't
guess you crossed paths.
I don't think we did. no.
Is he in the parade?
He died in combat.
- I'm so sorry to hear that.
- Thank you.
It... it took a while.
but I'm not sorry.
I mean. we all lose people. you know?
How many get to know
it was for a good reason?
That's what makes the difference.
My son's death had a purpose.
Thank you for your service.
Thank you for your son's.
Hi!
Preston!
Looks like your speech worked.
Can you incinerate this. please?
We intercepted a communication
sent between klovach's people.
If that's credible. they're
moving up the mission
and changing the
location at the last minute.
This source is unreliable at best.
I'd grade it "lowest confidence."
If we're wrong about that...
We could miss the entire operation.
It's my call.
Bury it. Please.
Here's the five-sixty-eights you asked for.
Do you have the diplomatic cables?
- I have summaries.
- They'll want the full cables.
I'll pull those once I get back to my office.
What's that?
Raw intel. Lowest confidence.
I'll get you those cables.
It came out of Poseidon.
They tried to Bury it.
How'd you get it from them?
I cloned their printer
when we got oversight
so we'd get our own
copy of whatever they print.
What? I just thought it
might come in handy.
Fair enough.
Okay. How do we fix this?
Whoever's watching through Alexander
needs to see the
details hours in advance
or they won't be able to tell
the Slovakian regime in time.
Then there's no ambush.
We need to get the
new time and location.
and Alexander needs to see it.
And quickly. The new safehouse location
we'll get from a friend
in Langley who can help.
We'll figure out a way to have Alexander
get the new travel itinerary.
We can't give him time to question.
We need to make
him think about the how
so he doesn't stop
to think about the why.
It's a chance to prove himself to us
in the field. We just say that...
klovach's people fucked us.
They're changing the
plan at the last minute.
And we can't do our
job if we're in the dark.
We need to know now or we
could be losing our window.
You haven't done any
field work for us yet.
But I have a feeling you can handle this.
What do you need me to do?
Ilana lexmann is the power broker
behind klovach's candidacy.
She's stateside. consolidating support.
She's scheduled to appear this afternoon
at a fundraiser in Georgetown.
Hi. Am I too late to join?
Unfortunately. the event is closed.
That's a shame.
I was looking to make
a. size able donation.
We had a wire on her until two days ago
when she switched her phone.
Now. we're betting that she is the one
that switched the plan
for klovach's arrival.
It's a protective move.
It's what I would do.
So now we need two things.
The first is the safehouse location.
which we'll get from another source.
It's time to pay a debt. Clarissa.
And the second is when it's happening.
That's where you come in.
There's a reason why
she switched that phone.
It has to be part of the intel chain.
We need to get to it.
Her phone will be locked.
We won't have enough
time to break the encryption.
There's one thing you
can do with a locked phone.
9-1-1. what's the nature
of your emergency?
- Got it.
- Working.
Should take about three minutes.
Stay on the call.
When we hang up. you'll know it's done.
Thank you.
Excuse me. miss lexmann.
Hi. It's so good to see you again.
You probably don't remember me.
- but we met in New York.
- Of course. Of course.
Apologies. I have a plane to catch.
It's just... I wanted to
tell you about the election.
I think Slovakia deserves
to have a better government.
And I'm so sorry it doesn't.
Thank you. Thank you.
I am so sorry.
That's funny. Make
sure you got the right one.
Yes.
Hey. here. Here.
I need to know which CIA safehouse
is codenamed "green grass."
We're still waiting.
Back from your break. Lee?
Thought I'd miss you.
Good to see you too. agent kaiser.
Are you in possession of any
classified documents or property
that may bring harm
to any officer of the CIA
or the United States government?
Just one today.
Get the fuck out of here.
Standby for safehouse.
Okay. "green grass" coordinates are...
- Forty-eight-point-five-four-nine-four.
- November.
Twenty-one-point-five-five-three-zero-echo.
Yep. go.
We have some updated intel for you.
- Thank you.
Kolvach's time and
location has changed.
It's all in this new intel.
We're tapped in.
We're up.
Moving.
Ten clicks out.
There. two suvs.
Taking out the heat of the engines.
Eight total.
Seven clicks.
Where'd this new intel come from?
We've got lots of sources.
I think that's why claymore
was given oversight.
Better intel.
Five clicks.
Touchdown.
We're in the clear.
Why is the family here?
They weren't supposed to come.
Send the backup team in now!
No. it's too late. They'll get slaughtered.
Now we follow...
where the blue dye went.
Good job.
We'll need to do a full analysis
of what went wrong here.
but the analysis is going
to come to the conclusion
that you made a judgment
call on a piece of intel.
and it turns out. it was the wrong call.
We almost missed what
we were there to oversee.
It happens.
You're a good operative.
There will be more missions.
Why wouldn't I be subject
to an internal review?
Why wouldn't everyone
on that operation...
we were monitoring because we thought
the CIA or the locals
couldn't be completely trusted.
and it looks like we were right.
The CIA found out about the change
in time and location when we did.
so. it had to be klovach's people.
Your discomfort with Alexander hale
is documented. so let's not pretend
that burying that piece of intel
wasn't at least partially motivated
by waiting to see what happened.
You wanted to be
certain. And now you know.
You and hale were
briefed at the same time
and then spent the next
twelve hours on call. here.
and the ambush still happened.
Unless you can think of any way
hale could be responsible.
No. sir.
Then that must be a relief.
You can sit right there.
It's a little acoustic quirk of this room.
No one else can hear us.
I assume from your endearing paranoia.
there's a sensitive matter to discuss.
Do you remember my friend
that I try to watch out for?
Alexander?
He's a little too trusting.
A little too loyal.
And we both know what that place does
to people who are too trusting.
You think he's in trouble.
I... I don't know.
Would your nephew be
able to look into anything?
Maybe find out how worried I should be.
I'm sorry. my old friend.
but I'm really more of a
sounding board for Edmund.
He and I never talk about
what happens inside the orphanage.
And given my role
at the national intelligence office. I... I...
I don't think it would be proper.
Right. Right.
Well. sorry if the suggestion
made you uncomfortable.
Not at all.
We've been through far
worse together. you and I.
And I can tell your...
your friend means a great deal to you.
I wouldn't worry.
These things have a way
of working themselves out.
- Hey.
Do you want to know why you're here?
- Yeah.
- Well.
you asked me where
I go to center myself.
And I said cemeteries.
That was a lie.
I actually come here.
There's something about old churches.
When I'm in here. I feel...
Connected to every single person
that has passed through here before me.
Makes me feel small in
the grand scheme of things.
And that's nice sometimes.
Do you wanna see
some place even better?
Come.
Watch your head.
You good?
Yeah. I'm good.
They told me about the mission.
And the collateral damage.
I'm sorry.
You should know they
asked me to watch you
and report back on
how you're handling it.
See if you have any doubts
about what you're doing.
I'll tell them whatever you want me to.
I've been there.
These agencies...
They ask you to do
something unthinkable
and then worry if you
think about it too much.
But they don't know the real cost.
The only ones that know that
are the people in it.
Like us.
You're one of us now.
If you wanna talk about it.
you should.
It doesn't have to be me.
Find someone that you can trust.
We had to sacrifice a real mission.
Innocent people died because of me.
Hey...
But I also don't know how many people
we might save if we pull this off. so. I...
I don't know.
I've been there. too.
What are you going to do?
We have to win.
Whatever it takes.
It... it can't be for nothing.
He trusts me.
He's conflicted.
- but he's onboard.
- Thank you.
Get some sleep.
We know more about our
enemy's allegiances now.
They have none.
Leaks from North Korea.
Syria. and now Slovakia.
No ideological connection
or national strategy.
They're selling intel to whoever wants it.
regardless of how it
destabilizes political alliances.
Our enemy is an
independent non-state actor.
So.
we're hunting a lone wolf.
We learned something else. too.
We followed the blue dye.
the words "Poseidon"
showed up in communications
with the current
administration of Slovakia.
and those messages...
Originated from here.
Somewhere in Eastern Europe
is where our enemy processes the hack.
Independent. but connected.
Probably former gru
or Russian intelligence.
- Can I walk you out?
- Thank you. Peter.
No.
I have one thing left to do.
The things you can't carry...
Write it all down. then Bury it away.
and try not to dig it back up.
Now that Slovakia's
done. we need to lay low.
Let everyone get comfortable.
My nephew has confirmed
our asset is no longer
under suspicion at the orphanage.
I'd like to keep it that way.
But... Our asset is gonna figure out
that he's compromised eventually.
We should be prepared to
use someone as leverage.
Someone close to him.
Someone he loves.